Added PiVPN unattended installation option, Youtube video link added for Tailscale (#750)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/software/vpn.md

    Simply run the command `pivpn -a`.

=== "Unattended installation"

>     PiVPN offers the option of an non-interactive installation. For details read the [corresponding part of the PiVPN installation documentation](https://docs.pivpn.io/install/#non-interactive-installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PiVPN offers the option of a non-interactive installation. For details read the [corresponding part of the PiVPN installation documentation](https://docs.pivpn.io/install/#non-interactive-installation).
```

> === "Unattended installation"
> 
>     PiVPN offers the option of an non-interactive installation. For details read the [corresponding part of the PiVPN installation documentation](https://docs.pivpn.io/install/#non-interactive-installation).
> 
>     This option can be achieved by placing a config file named `unattended_pivpn.conf` into the boot partition/directory. For example configs, have a look at https://github.com/pivpn/pivpn/tree/master/examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== "Unattended installation"

    For an unattended PiVPN installation during first boot of DietPi, place a config file named `unattended_pivpn.conf` into the boot partition/directory. For example configs, have a look at <https://github.com/pivpn/pivpn/tree/master/examples>.

    More details can be found in the [corresponding part of the PiVPN installation documentation](https://docs.pivpn.io/install/#non-interactive-installation).
```

Author: Ok

***

> Website: <https://www.pivpn.io>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Website: <https://pivpn.io/>  
```
